mgmt append introduction for lite packages (#18044)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/resourcemanager/README.md

```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

> The services available via `azure-resourcemanager` are listed as below:

Reviewer: Azure class?

Author: This section is about the dependency import. It might be better using package name than class name here.

<details>

> <summary> Services list </summary>

Reviewer 2: "List of services" or "Aggregation of services" ?

- App Services
- Authorization
- CDN
- Compute
- Container Instance
- Container Registry
- Container Services (AKS)
- Cosmos DB
- DNS
- Event Hubs
- Insight (Monitor)
- Key Vault
- Managed Identity
- Network
- Private DNS
- Redis
- Resources
- Service Bus
- Spring Cloud
- SQL
- Storage
- Traffic Manager
</details>

<br/>

> In the case where you are interested in certain service above or the service not included in the wrapper package, you can choose to use the standalone package for each service. Those packages follow the same naming patterns and design principals. For example, the package for Media Services has the following artifact information.

Reviewer 3: change this to single service package as well?

Reviewer 3: single-service package*

Author: updated. additional change from wrapper package to multi-service package comparing to single-service package.

> In the case where you are interested in certain service above or the service not included in the wrapper package, you can choose to use the standalone package for each service. Those packages follow the same naming patterns and design principals. For example, the package for Media Services has the following artifact information.

Reviewer 2: Should we delay this section till later? My guess is most people will not need this, but all people need the azure-identity package in next section.

<!-- TODO: package update start -->
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.azure.resourcemanager</groupId>
  <artifactId>azure-resourcemanager-mediaservices</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0-beta.1</version>
</dependency>
```
<!-- TODO: package package end -->

After above configuration, the manager can be authenticated by following code:

<!-- TODO: embedme -->
```java
// share the same http client and credential
HttpClient httpClient = HttpClient.createDefault();
TokenCredential tokenCredential = new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder().build();
AzureProfile azureProfile = new AzureProfile(AzureEnvironment.AZURE);

// init AzureResourceManager using azure-resourcemanager
AzureResourceManager azureResourceManager = AzureResourceManager.configure()
    .withHttpClient(httpClient)
    .authenticate(tokenCredential, azureProfile)
    .withDefaultSubscription();

// init MediaservicesManager using azure-resourcemanager-mediaservices
MediaservicesManager mediaservicesManager = MediaservicesManager.configure()
    .withHttpClient(httpClient)
    .authenticate(tokenCredential, azureProfile);
```

> Please note that some of those standalone packages might have different release cycles compared to `azure-resourcemanager`. This is mostly because of various demands of different Azure services. See [Standalone Packages][standalone_packages] for a complete list of standalone packages with the API versions they are consuming.

Reviewer: Suggest to remove first sentence, no need to confuse customers about the complex release process.

Author: removed.

See [Samples][sample] for code snippets and samples.

> ### Standalone packages

Reviewer 3: In the 
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/e1bc7c8ddb8542a0f0bbc17053b5367217a11dc7/sdk/resourcemanager/README.md#include-the-package

"Include the package" section, add a list of all services that are included. and say something like this

"For your convenience, we have provided a wrapper package that includes some of the most highly used Azure services. We recommend using this package you are dealing with multiple services that are included in this list"

Reviewer 4: Yes, I think you also need to deal with the section `### Include single package` together. (merge or replace or anything else)

> The standalone packages, of which services are unavailable inside `azure-resourcemanager`, follow the same naming patterns and design principals.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the case where the service you are interested in is not included in the wrapper package, you can choose to use the standalone package for each service. Those packages follow the same naming patterns and design principals. For example, the package for Media Services has the following artifact information
```

For example, to use the standalone package for media services, please include as below:

<!-- TODO: package update start -->
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.azure.resourcemanager</groupId>
  <artifactId>azure-resourcemanager-mediaservices</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0-beta.1</version>
</dependency>
```
<!-- TODO: package package end -->

> After above configuration, the manager can be authenticated by following code:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you have added the dependency like above, those packages follow the same authentication pattern and here's an example:
```

<!-- TODO: embedme -->
```java
AzureProfile profile = new AzureProfile(AzureEnvironment.AZURE);
TokenCredential credential = new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder()
    .authorityHost(profile.getEnvironment().getActiveDirectoryEndpoint())
    .build();
MediaservicesManager mediaservicesManager = MediaservicesManager.configure()
    .authenticate(credential, profile);
```

> Comparing to `azure-resourcemanager`, the standalone packages will have different release cycles, which mainly depend on the demand of Azure services. To check the full list of standalone packages with the consumed API versions, please see [Packages](docs/Packages.md).

Reviewer 3: Please note that some of those standalone packages might have different release cycles compared to `azure-resourcemanager`. This is mostly because of various demands of different Azure services. To see a complete list of standalone packages with the API versions they are consuming, please see [Packages](docs/Packages.md)

> Comparing to `azure-resourcemanager`, the standalone packages will have different release cycles, which mainly depend on the demand of Azure services. To check the full list of standalone packages with the consumed API versions, please see [Packages](docs/Packages.md).

Reviewer 4: package list currently is in `### Service features`. Not sure is it need a `Packages.md`.

Author: The file name can be changed. But I will have this file as the output of the script to centralize the versions and package tags only for lite SDKs.

Reviewer 4: Got it. Then it may need to deal with the `### Service features` words. (Separate this two list)

Reviewer 2: Not sure whether it is worthwhile to demonstrate shared HttpClient with `AzureResourceManager`. Maybe later.

```
        // share the same http client and credential.
        HttpClient httpClient = HttpClient.createDefault();
        TokenCredential tokenCredential = new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder().build();
        AzureProfile azureProfile = new AzureProfile(AzureEnvironment.AZURE);

        // init Fluent Premium
        AzureResourceManager azureResourceManager = AzureResourceManager.configure()
                .withHttpClient(httpClient)
                .authenticate(tokenCredential, azureProfile)
                .withDefaultSubscription();

        // init Fluent Lite media service
        MediaservicesManager mediaservicesManager = MediaservicesManager.configure()
                .withHttpClient(httpClient)
                .authenticate(tokenCredential, azureProfile);
```
